this is the
[Music]
magic
SC
Med mystery got it magic leather dress
Amazon mystery got is Magic leather
dress Amazon
myy got magic leather dress
have mystery goddess magic Lea dress
Amazon roll with a mystery goddess on
fire purple the hottest muffin raisin D
Elemental o l stay up on crosses M do
take no losses dark l b rain leather
whip be striking boers [ __ ] be hiking
Drugs sell themselves triple Bean pedal
Bing top shelf your favorite makeup
Medusa let your hair out snow blind
never in a drought is that ax on your
face or powdered wig around your mouth
my Amazon chickadilla catch down south a
little road made to take you away costic
poisonous touch put you in the bleach
big biscuits on a mapia Darkness through
dreams orer come to see you the methyl
broide blows in the Wind win mystery got
magic
Le mystery got
mag welcome back to Lady Babylon this is
initiating apocalypse and it is so good
to see you
back see everybody in the congregation
because tonight tonight we're going to
have something wonderful something
wonderful we're going to leave
everything this deep this deep reddish
orange oh this fire we're going to keep
the colors going that way tonight you'll
understand as we proceed but I've got
some texts and they are wow I've brought
you cream of the crop tonight brought
you the cream of the crop now to start
the show off we're going to bring in a
gester and we're going to take a whip
and we're going to whip him he's a
little guy we're going to whip him whip
him whip him and he only has a few words
that he can say but we're gonna take
advantage of him and use him to show you
that real history right right out of the
text tonight we're listing some gorgeous
stuff right it's abs absolutely
beautiful we're going to be very
delicate with it we're going to be very
delicate with it but we're going to
start off with that beating and then
we're going to progress right I know
you're feeling it I know you're feeling
it we're going to progress right to the
front seat we're g to get right up there
in the face of the mystery tonight oh
god oh it's so beautiful I just can't
you know it's it's gorgeously connected
you know when you feel something is
gorgeously
connected oh God it's pure please please
get on your Thrones Congregation of
Satan and come tonight and enjoy with me
the pure pure fire of this
Cosmos isn't that a gorgeous title for a
reality
right it's wonderful fantastic let's go
right in and I'm going to bring you
unusually some English some English
right off the bat I just want to take
come here who are we coming after
tonight right off the bat oh and by the
way if you didn't really understand the
mystery before you will now because
we're looking right at its heart are you
ready Can you feel it oh God had to turn
it up I got a dragon for you fantastic
right right that was Elanor thank you
Elanor was that nice fantastic does
anybody get you a dragon chewy no nobody
got you a dragon did they right okay
don't be jelly give me the next give me
the first one tonight people I want to
go straight in right I know your time is
still precious you still want the whole
show but let's bring out our starter and
for tonight we've
got we we've got someone for you oh god
um okay I just want you to than you know
somewhere there's got to be a race of
little tiny pigies right little tiny
magic
pigies oh God do you know what these
magic pygmies do do you know what they
let's see what they let's see what they
do
did they sit at the base of the tree
yeah they camouflage
themselves they camouflag I'm telling
you a story is that okay they camouflage
themselves isn't that fantastic except
for one little part they do it right
after the lightning comes out they'll
sit at the base of the tree those dirty
dirty little pyg me
Spirits are you you ready for this I'm
sorry I just had to throw that in there
now now that we've captured one let's
beat him
up it's a pygmy Spirit there's nothing
you can say about it right oh fantastic
F oh by the way before before tell him
to shut up take that down for a second
leave me up there no leave me up there
like I was yes thank you right I like to
look him right in the eyes oh
God what I've got for you tonight is a
little announcement that I'll be
look I haven't been keeping up you know
me I'm I've got my head in text all the
time so some people wanted to ask me
questions so I'm gonna have an
AMA ask me
anything
right and uh we'll be doing it through
couple of people um that are going to be
very helpful in the process and guide us
along in the whole Reddit World we're
gonna have a
subreddit and I'm sure the chewy will
post this thing as soon as it's out and
you can know exactly because I want to
answer questions now people people
please if you're a member of the
congregation it's your questions I want
to hear do you understand me it's your
four
questions all right so again um this is
mostly uh people wanted to find out
about me okay I hate to have a whole
talk about me that's I can't think of
anything more boring than that but
people wanted to have it and I want to
answer your questions right up front
just completely honest and I get to pick
which ones so it's GNA be fun
fantastic please please uh keep an eye
out for that any oh God take that down
what are you doing hey okay now I have
to set a standard here I have to set a
standard chewy right who can be on the
Falcon with us who can be on the Falcon
everybody can be on the Falcon sh it's
later right do you do you understand
first we have the banquet everybody eats
and drinks and then we proceed with a
sacrifice please be a gentleman or lady
whoever that was right oh look I got my
goat bring her up bring her up I got my
goat Penelope you get to open tonight
for us yes yes I'm coming here she is
please everybody if you just tune in for
the first five minutes did we oh no we
didn't make it the first 15 minutes if
you just tune in for the first 15
minutes you've never seen penelopy I
want to introduce you look at her isn't
she gorgeous oh look deep look deep into
the cross that hides the
sins the sins of the
World Behind that cross is what you and
I are born from
we're born right from that
sin isn't that gorgeous look it in the
eye right you've got two symbols there
one covering another just like the
monism that covers the planet
now right is there any
difference between sexs of
monism
no they all worship that one
they all worship that one just like they
did in anan's day but that day came to
an
end and the names were changed back to
ton
Aron isn't that
nice they they' taken off the name
tonight all of these sources that I
bring you are having one thing in common
and if you are a nerd Genius Like I know
in the congregation I know there are
nerd Geniuses out there I know there are
artists right I know there's total
people with freakish freakish capacities
mental capacities right and then there's
the rest of us like me and chewy and you
know some of you you know what I mean so
for those people who have that capacity
I want you to be finding out what is the
common strain that's the name the game
we're playing to tonight and it's bought
to you it's brought to you by kusma
Incorporated we're kind
of we're gonna bring you we're gonna
bring you the
clister what is that that's a
device it's a it's a drug combo and it's
Administration into the body right what
do you do I'll show you in a minute but
these are we'll give out a few of them
for free but the rest of them will cost
you it's an abortion
thing God don't tell me are we going to
talk about abortion tonight in history
yeah we are I'm going to show you
one oh God is this man kidding no
they're in the tax people and it's we're
going to show you the Bible please don't
shut down the Bible please please
there's all sorts of abortion stuff
going on in the Bible somebody stepped
up
recently come to think of it and said
there is nothing that has to do anything
with
abortion except for all the abortion
inducing drugs they're talking
[Laughter]
about you see how we conquer people
satanic congregation I'm just talking to
you and I'm talking to everybody who
watches who is a worshipper of the monad
I'm talking to you
too yeah cuz you're going to pay
attention I know I
know yes fantastic oh I love it I love
it back at you back at you you know what
I mean
congregation what are we trying to do
tonight we're going right into the face
of that mystery and I am going to Christ
you I'm going to Christ you are you
ready are you ready to be christed give
me that first one where's the boy right
where's this boy pyg me come here Pig
me blow that
up here is there any way we can tilt
that a little bit you know I don't want
to here because otherwise I'm GNA have
to
Fantastic what are we talking about at
the top forgery people right and you add
that what is this by the way what the H
what what do we just do everybody off
the ship where are we we're in the
second century an Odin and this is a
letter that I intercepted between two
dudes one of them is Africanus and the
other one is
origin and I know that there's been talk
about this letter I just want to show
you something oh God I want to show you
something and you add that the forger
right this is africanist to um over to
origin he's telling him this this bull
this thing is Greek not Hebrew right
watch this watch this and you add that
the forger he's talking about forgeries
had recourse to something which not even
felisi and the playwriter and there's
your problem right there um Africanus is
well well read and that's your problem
right and it blows origin's mind and he
just the only thing he can say in the
end is you know w okay but so
what
right and with that at that one moment
in history at that time with those two
people the fate of us all was sealed
forever oh my
God we are here to correct the
timeline this is the letter let's see
what he says he says so not even fisti
and the playwriter would have us used in
his P right between penos and prean skos
and
skisis right there your Greek puns which
words as they sound in Greek can be used
in this way but not in Hebrew that's the
argument in answer to this I have to
tell you what it behooves us to do in
the case not only of the history of
Susanna which is found in every Church
of Christ in that Greek copy you ever
noticed how how many Hebrew copies did
they have WR uh
zero
fantastic okay forgery people it's these
people talking about forgery I am not
the one to create this history it's
sitting there in the text and these two
dudes are arguing these dudes are
Christian dudes and one of them
Africanus is way more well read than
origin right and he hitting him with
things right now I know a lot of people
like to talk about the septu agent and I
just want to say one thing anybody who
has read the septu
agent should be
able to present to you a reasoned
scientific and
legitimate conclusion about whether or
not it's a translation anybody who's
read it
should be able to do that so all of you
in the room who have not actually read
it and I'm talking about in Greek all of
you who have not actually read it step
out now the rest of you so-called
go take remember that scene where the
master comes in and all the little kids
are like what's wrong master and he's
like never mind and then he cuts them
all down remember that yeah that's what
you're in for
okay fantastic that's I love this I love
this stuff bring in that bring him in
it's his whole body he camouflages
except for one part of it and he sticks
it out right right when the lightning
has been hitting he sticks it out
because he knows they're going to come
collecting the little pervert those
mushroom Spirits I'll tell you my God
man it's a crazy world um again this is
not coming from me by the way um this is
coming from
them right
perus is a
mushroom is a mushroom liquor he's a
mushroom liquor why do you think they
call him
Myans cuz they're mushroom
liquers oh my God it was those nyss do
you remember it was the oh I don't know
who was it when was it some founder
walks in and he's all like oh God I'm
dying where do I what do I do e and the
nymphs are like lick those
mushrooms and you know I don't
know nymphs tell you what to do probably
a good idea to do it right so go ahead
and lick him with them and what was the
Revelation that he got this Greek out in
the middle of nowhere which by the way
if you were watching this you'd probably
be laughing you'd probably be laughing
like look look he's getting
high right he's look what he's doing
right is he talking to someone is he
grabbing them what is he doing oh look
he's liing mushrooms again well that
same guy is gonna found a city in that
place and the history of that City will
guide the
world isn't that amazing you bring back
Her Image you bring back the cup isn't
that gorgeous oh god let's get to to her
okay where is he I've promised this guy
we're going to beat up for 21 minutes
now right and these people want it
they're like yeah yeah yeah you know
where we are give it to me boom blow it
up so he says look we've got these
copies of this thing in Greek everywhere
there's no Hebrew right right or the two
other passages you mentioned at the end
of the book tell the history of Bale or
Bell excuse me and the dragon which
likewise are not in the Hebrew copy of
Daniel blah blah blah but of thousands
of other passages also which I found
listen to this
nerd nerd by the way I love these nerds
right my students look at this you come
forward with something big like this you
deserve it you know what I mean kudos to
you hats up that's what every good
teacher wants to see of their students
you know what I mean that's what they
want to see I had one of my students hit
it twice she's hit two home runs now I'm
not going to tell you who she is because
there are freaks in the world there are
freaks can you believe it naughty
naughty
freaks thousands of other passages when
I tell
you when I tell
you that this thing is not a translation
the Greek is the
original I'm doing it based upon
very very very simple principles
principles that somebody who was
studying the language keep it studying
the language would want put me up there
this is what they want to do very
scientifically very scientifically
saying look they're using puns these are
Greek ponds man this can't come from a
previous language this is native Baby R
look at look at these
thousands thousands of examples I'm
going to show you one today from a
totally different book that we haven't
looked about it's about a dude in a
fish yeah and you all know what it
is right oh welcome to Sunday
school thousands of other
passages okay this is not a crazy idea
the problem is people you have been
mesmerized by a false narrative and you
can't help it it seeped into the culture
right it saturated everything the only
thing that we can do is
purify
Purge right we have to purge I'm telling
you as your transdimensional physician
purging is what they did in order to
remedy these
situations yeah oh God this timeline
still has hope you know what I mean it's
still has hope it's too bad they don't
know it's flipped in the end right it
turns out that was the bad thing anyway
give me the that's it for that one give
me the next one I want to show you
people um now watch what the church does
with how they interpret the
history africanist church history right
at this time also africanist the writer
of the books entitled Cy was well known
there is extent an Epistle of his to
origin expressing doubts of the story of
Suzanna and Daniel as being spous and
fictitious look at what he says origin
answered this very
fully right can you imagine a scientist
lifting up from his work and being like
and by the way bye
Kool-Aid right no you're not gonna see
that you're not gonna see that oh God
it's like it's so
backdoor you know it's like a brle right
you people want to run a awful right you
want to line up all your men and you
want to be like hose them down
right you know oil them up send them out
send them out to combat now come on
fellas with a lot of money a lot of
money thank you Dr Alman and chewy
liberating the truth and mass
Consciousness I like that who said that
it was midnight MOA oh that sounds good
I think I had a I think I had some kind
of snuff or chew once that sounded just
like that yeah nice I like it it's got a
blend little sharp give me the next
one hurry what is this what needs there
to speak of Exodus okay we're back to
the letter right back to Africanus what
needs there to speak of Exodus where
there is such diversity and what is said
about the Tabernacle and its court and
the Ark and the garments the high brace
and the priests that sometimes the
meaning does not even seem to be
related doesn't even seem to be
related how could you have such
differences between what you've got in
your septu aent and what this dude is
talking to you about well it's the
actually the Hebrews the original
language and it says something totally
different and sounds like it's incapable
of expressing something more than about
a third grade
vocabulary sorry that's a fact that's a
fact you know to all the languages let
me just say blow me up let me just say
an apology right now to all the
languages out there all of you poor poor
poor beaten
down exiled to Oblivion languages
cross human history let me just say if
some of you had been
given the ability and the time and the
right environment you may have
progressed
somewhere to the
proximity of the lower moments of
ancient
Greek yeah I'm sorry you didn't Austin
and uman oh God even the ATR man I got a
lot of respect for a
trus right
Latin right to Latin for right and epic
but ah you know what I mean you never
made it you never made
it let's go to where they made it give
me the next one give me the next one I
love it let's keep we're going to keep
whipping until we're done whipping are
you ready and for sooth oh God this is
why I normally don't use translations
when we notice such things we are
immediately to reject the spous the
copies in use in our churches look what
they're doing I wanted to show you
they're concerned none of this stuff is
matching up right and the Hebrew is
question questionable at best and he
says they don't even have names for
basic
plants okay so how are we able to
compare this stuff now I'm going to show
you tonight A for forged Hebrew word are
you ready this is forged I'm going to
show you linguistically how this happens
um to reject the spirous copies and the
use of our churches and enjoy the
Brotherhood to put away the sacred books
current among them and to coach the Jews
and persuade them to give us
copies which shall be untampered with
thank you very much and free from
forgery
thank
you do you see what's happening when I
told you in the past satanic
congregation go ahead D when I told you
in the
past
that the
Hebrew Torah is a forgery
historically historically right and by
the way any any
writing can be a forgery
right this is not like something like oh
God it takes a great detective to dig it
and to find it look what these two
Christians are doing Africanus and
origin look what they're doing they're
sitting like oh [ __ ] this stuff's not
matching up what are we GNA do
eventually origin just throws up his
hands right and off they go and a
complete and total
fabrication takes place history becomes
slant and all of a sudden what you think
happened in Antiquity didn't actually
happen right and how do you track this
through the language you can track it
through the language I'm going to show
you a forged word and from this you can
go out and you can find your own forged
words right it's called I don't know
we'll call it education we'll call it
celebrating and honoring the
Muse right hail your mom
my God man you just reminded us right
why are we doing all of this it's a
great mother if you lose side of that
and she is sexy sexy the great mother is
sexy I don't think a lot of people
realize that you think of the great
mother and I don't know maybe some of
you thinkk of your own mothers don't
than of your own mothers yeah think of
the sexy mother that's just the sexy
mother with the sexiest mother
right that's the great
mother are you there are you there you
know what you do when you're around you
just listen because everything that she
breathes is the mystery of the
cosmos right oh God oh
God nourishment baby it's nourishment ah
you can feel it
give it to me this is getting two we're
getting two in there tonight while I
paid particular attention to the
interpretation of the 70 septu agent
lest I might be found to accredit any
forgery to the churches which are under
heaven and give an occasion to those who
seek such a starting point for
gratifying their desire to
slander the common Brethren and to bring
some accusation against those who shine
forth in our community
and I make it my Endeavor not to be
ignorant of their various readings lest
in my controversies with the Jews these
are
arguments right controversies right
arguments I should quote to them what is
not found in their copies and that I may
make some use of what is found there
even although it should not be in our
scriptures boy does that sound like the
okay listen do you see the compromise
that's going on this has nothing to do
you have two religious
groups right you have two religious
monest sects of the same ancient
religion called
Satan
mystery you have two people two people
right two branches from the same same
Divinity a polytheistic precursor and
what are they doing they're arguing it
out they're arguing out because their
texts are full of holes and instead of
saying okay well we just have to do this
scientifically we have to find our way
back to the original text right that's
what we have to do we just have to
reconstruct it doesn't matter what it
says right doesn't matter what it says
right that would have been the rational
classical logical polytheistic thing to
do but they didn't do that they did the
monest thing and said this is what the
boundary is and it must be set for all
the evidence stuff that's outside of
this boundary we're throwing away
everything else is divinely inspired
right they're both doing that on the
same side the only problem is on the
monis side that is calling
it calling it
self um followers of
Yahoo that
group um they are behind they're behind
their language is terrible it hasn't
been around for a long time and all we
have left is garbage it's very base
vocab base VOC
vocabulary right so it's difficult
they're fighting an uphill battle on the
other side you have the monists who are
f following the teachings of a
Christos now ethnically that
Christos uh um and the monest who follow
Yahoo they're all from the same ethnic
group right they come from creit wait
what yeah they come from crate
originally isn't that funny it there's
all sorts of migrations of people right
you realize in Antiquity and they're one
of them they're one of them they had it
written down in the libraries in Rome
okay before civilization fell to the
monists right we are the light on the
Hill People I don't know if you realize
that I don't know if you realize that
but we're holding we're holding the
torch of
Freedom right oh God Glory Hallelujah to
that right ol Ludo right ol Ludo it's
always behind what you're doing people
it's always behind you'll never outrun
it you'll never outrun it says the Meda
give me the next one boom okay let's
hurry up here let's not hurry tonight we
don't need to hurry
um I should quote them is not found the
copies yes get next one we just did that
chewy fantastic there we go and here let
us
begin with what would probably make
anyone averse to receiving the history I
mean the play of words right he talks
again about the play of words you say
that you can see how this can be in
Greek but that in Hebrew the words are
altogether distinct on that point
however I'm still in doubt because when
I was considering this passage for I
myself saw this difficulty this is one
of the responses right I consulted not a
few Jews about it okay he's got his
connections tell us people asking them
right the Hebrew words for penos and
pren and how they would translate skos
the tree and the
skisis now right now who are the people
that he's talking to these are the
people with the
[Music]
Hebrew supposedly in scroll
form yeah all right and they're making
Corrections and seeing that there's
difficulties the septu you know oh God
none of that stuff it's you just can't
reach that level right so he's
Consulting them on how they would
translate right skos and skisis right
and they said that they did not know
these Greek words and asked me to show
them the
trees
right right do they have those words
within their own vocabulary they're
common trees common plants that you're
going to botney that's going to be all
over the Mediterranean it's not like
they shouldn't have a
word right oh God give me the get blow
it up again blow it up again Watch What
Happens um on this point however I'm
still in doubt because when I was
considering this passage
right yeah on this point however I'm
still in doubt because when I was
considering this passage for I myself
saw this difficulty I consulted not a
few Jews asking them about these terms
and they said that they did not know
these Greek terms and I at once for this
truth's dear sake put before them the
pieces of the different trees one of
them then said that he could not with
any certainty give the Hebrew name of
anything not mentioned in the
scripture
since right okay he goes on so um basic
tree
people don't you know your basic trees
what's that mean it means first of all
it's not your language bro right right
that's not how it works these I want you
to know these are the scholars of the
time these are the people who crafted
who crafted the belief it's not a
historical reality it's a belief the
belief that God Yahoo handed down to you
this text
through his holy
language right which is Hebrew everybody
knows is Hebrew right
nope no see this is the problem when you
when you go out there when you go out
there against somebody who's bringing
evidence like
Africanus right and he's like this dude
is well right there's nothing you can do
your lies only stand for so long and
then we all see and know that behind
them are those Satanic
Verses that's what you are that's what
you are you know you are your holy books
they're all based on the Satanic Verses
and you don't even realize it it's
absolutely gorgeous don't you love it
okay let's show them let's show them go
to the go to the next one let's leave
this little guy Alone um actually I want
to show you the actual example go to
that one Jonah r here's Jonah we're in
the belly of the whale right we're in
the belly of the whale and Jonah oh God
let me out and the whale spits Jonah out
he's like okay now I'm gonna do anything
you want right and so he says okay God
says go to Nineveh so um there he is and
Jonah and he's sitting there and this
happens the Lord
God causes a k to sprad Crow up and
cover the head of John in order that or
sorry um y um Jonas and he wanted to
cover his head so that he could have
shade and so that this thing would shade
him from
Evil and
Jonah
loved this
plant and had great Delight in it it
brought him IM immense rapturous
Delight right oh
God now what does the Greek say you
notice that I said cisen something that
sounded like
colth right I want to show you what they
are actually talking about right go back
to the passage look at the second line
look at the last word go
right
k um there the colosense what is that
give me a little look people very well
documented Greek look there's more
references to this than there
there's um yeah uh some kind of gourd
right some kind of gourd and you look
you've got all sorts of different
descriptions and stuff isn't that nice
give me the next one chewy so we're
talking about cisen the plants right and
what does the Hebrew translate that as
it translates it as
Kayon which is water Kon excuse me what
do they call it's well it's a plant no
no no no no no no no let me tell you
something in Greek you have names of
plants and then you have the word plant
and the names of the specific plants are
not plant they never mean
plant they're the names of things
so either you have the name of this
plant or you don't but look what the
look what the Hebrew tradition did give
me the give me the next one get um they
they put plant or gourd now watch this
watch this oh God this is gonna irk us
it's gonna irk us because
theologians especially monest they're
very very deceitful right they'll tell
you anything gets you behind that
curtain to that altar you know what I
mean if it's whatever it is whatever
they're taking you know what I mean
bunch of Lacey there is no direct Greek
equivalent in septu agent for this word
wait a minute
what what um so there's a problem right
that should red light right off the bat
as the plant is specific to the Hebrew
text of Jonah that is this thing is only
appearing here and the Greek is
identifying a very very specific
specific well-known
plant right so this is what happens if
you get in there and you're with your
lady friend right and things go to the
point of you know we're gon to bring
this Duality into a Unity right and you
get down and it's not the right package
and the right place who sent this here
and what is this thing going to do right
do you see the linguistics do you see
the music there you're not going to
bring somebody to the crescendo with
that tiny vocabulary that's what I'm
telling you and it blades through watch
this blow it up chewy watch this this is
how they're trying to figure out um
however the concept of plants and their
symbolic use can be found in various
Greek look they're doing my job for me
can be found in various Greek terms
related to vegetation and Parables blah
blah blah right why why
because this language doesn't exist this
Hebrew it's
non-existent right there are no early
forms the Dead Sea Scrolls are only so
important because they are the product
of a group of radical mons who insisted
the most important thing was taking
those Greek texts and back translating
them into Hebrew for their own
legitimacy their own legitimacy
right that would have never happened
would have never happened this stuff
didn't happened in Alexandria what did I
say
Alexandria right where libraries are
right because
okay let's just go back to the library
people love it look you didn't know
we're going to Alexandria in the library
today we're going give it to me yep the
next one uh or no that one um people
look at the second look at the second
paragraph the term the Hebrew term
refers to a specific plant mentioned in
the book of Jonah right just there this
is where I'm telling you this is a
forged term if you go back and look at
the
definition if you go back give me the
word before this if you go back and look
at the definition notice at the bottom
they say word origin of Uncertain
derivation that is they don't know right
they don't want to just put there they
don't know right because there's nothing
else to compare this is's no sort of
nothing they can reach out to but they
for some reason they want to say this is
a plant or a gourd and why do they do
that why do you think they do that
because the
[Music]
we cover cover both sides of what that
Greek word what that Greek word is that
we think remember the guy said I don't
know this term in
Greek well these people are trying to
translate a text from Greek who don't
know these words so what do you think
they do what do you think they do they
invent and they say well you know we're
going to put it in this environment
where it represents what that original
Greek was actually saying right it's the
best that they can do I told you they
fighting an uphill battle the ancient
Hebrew only has 7,000
words unique words right 7,000 unique
words right it's difficult right
fantastic how can you be expected to
fight when any of these languages that
are in the Mediterranean the Greek just
sweeps across kills them all and takes
over right all the North African
languages right what happened to them oh
God I don't know when the oh we've got a
little bit oh some nerd will stand up
we've got this we've got this half of a
text preserved in somebody else what
about that yeah yeah okay okay remember
people thousands and thousands and
thousands and thousands of
Greek
works oh God think about that for a
minute think about that oh give me the
next one give me the next one okay boom
now I want to show you people where is
this plant on the um else an Antiquity
here it is colus remember remember what
I told you I have the access to the
doctors this is them so do you and what
does he say this is one of those gourds
right it's called the wild
cisin right and they also call it the
alexandrian right cisin and you know the
zor asrian zoroastrians what do they
call it they call it th and sometimes
they call
ites now AES by itself
specifically specifically is another
plant namely the
Narcissus and from that
narcissus what do you think we derive do
you have a picture what do you think we
derive right you can take that thing and
you can turn it into a drug that will
narciss you what does that mean it's
from the Greek word
Nar
Nar right and you're like wait who know
snitches get Stitch no different
different kind of narc right but um
that's what the root is even the guy
busting in the door that kind of narc
right that is from narcotics it's from
this Greek word and what does the Greek
word mean it means for you to be placed
in a
stuper in a narcotic pain relieving
stuper do you understand to tune out
everything right to tune it all out to
be in that
cave right this is what the drug is
doing and by the
way it is also an abortive
Fati it is also an abortive
Fati really really let's go back and see
let's go back and see hello baby hello
baby we're going to talk about clinical
abortion now in the ancient world baby
are you ready for this open up your
little ears mama give him a little bit
something to occupy himself there maybe
a pacifier something like that right um
baby keep that baby in mind I think
that's yason anyway give me the next one
give me the old one that we did we just
did people look what do the Romans call
this well-known drug by the way that the
Hebrew doesn't have a word for what do
they call it what do they call it they
call it this is hilarious the Romans
call it
k steba
now what is that what is that right ask
AEP to is a scholar they're going have
no freaking clue no freaking clue why
because this is a Greek
transliteration of Latin the Greek is
trying to
approximate right what the Latin tongue
is doing and it gets
stebon right from the Roman the Latin
word for Forest right the sil those
wilds and what um
theur if you just look that up sound it
out and look it up in Latin what are you
going to find guess what you're going to
find this plant
cisin right
so what does this really say about the
state of ancient Hebrew when this
document from the first century is being
written right um the knowledge of these
drugs and plants is widespread is WID
spread and it's not showing up on the
Hebrew side at all so what's the
problem what's the problem um with your
translation something's not right bra
right something's not right so for the
monest bra who wants to take one
document and say this I'm gonna build my
entire Castle on this document right you
got to be careful when you do that you
got to be real careful do you really
know that the history of that document
no you know what they tell you you know
what they tell you did you know if you
work hard enough on the languages you
can find the forgeries
yourself right and then you have to look
back monest and say I'm free because all
of the delusion just dissolves it
dissolves with the science people it
dissolves with the
science I love it that's why you don't
go out and be an amateur don't do that
man don't do that right people everybody
out there satanic congregation don't be
an
amateur right um commit yourself to all
my Greek students commit yourself right
do you hear that theme constantly know
your craft the sepian scholars they
don't know their craft those theologians
they know those Bible scholars they
don't know their craft they never have
they never will they never will know
your craft give me the next one oh God
it's lovely here here we have the SE of
the other I just want to show you this
General word for what they're defining
as a bottle gourd notice that the type
there are types of it like the Indian
type which they call
kokun right and underneath that number
three is the kokun which is our drug and
the Hippocratic wh book on wom is
talking about it why let me show you why
would hypocrates be interested in this
drug now hypocrates remember before the
time of the septu this is before the
time that what you call the Torah right
before the time that that's written by
several hundred
years this word is already
established right it's already
established do you see how the language
can really liberate you none of these
Hebrew terms can find this language what
kind of conclusion does that bring us to
when we find
forgeries just like they were talking
about an Antiquity when we find
forgeries in the text what does that
mean as a classicist is somebody who
deals with these ancient text you've got
to understand the environments in which
they were written you've got to
understand what happens to text over
time why would people want to forge text
there's a lot of forged galin texts
right why would people want to do
something like that right oh God it's
gorgeous right lovely lovely it's just
when you step in and the water's like up
here you're like dude go back wax on wax
off you know what I mean that's the it's
the way it should be give me that one
give me that one um what's going on with
the hypocritic let's look at this drug
doctor and see what he says he said I'm
not going to read the whole thing I'm
just going to tell you he says right
here at the top he says the power power
of this
drug is to purge the fruit is to purge
the fruit you know what I'm talking
about ladies it's the power to purge the
fruit now he says you're going to mix
this with a couple of things right with
the hydromel you're going to mix it with
um the Smyrna right we were just talking
about the Smyrna before right and um
what what are you going to do right um
we turn these things into little
pills right we turn these things and I
want I want to show you he goes on to
tell you what it does but um if you look
almost at the
end um he talks about The Purge where
did this go Coulda B no that's not H
flagma so he he says look it causes FL
you to bleed out flim and bile right and
these things are part of that causing
the running of the blood
right and this process I'm translating
this process destroys the imua I think I
put this on the next one I think this is
the next slide no I didn't that's okay
go back um it destroys the embryo or the
fetus whichever one that you want to put
right there so look just a wonderful
description is it's just one of Das
Gordies he'll describe the plant and
he'll describe how it's used in medicine
and he does a little bit of theory like
you heard with well it purges this fluid
and this fluid right and it causes the
abortion it induces the abortion at one
point in this thing he talks about how
to take the pills and to apply them how
to take the pills and to apply them and
that is our next one I believe yeah here
and this is our sponsor tonight clma cor
right what do they do like this is
liquid right look at this Greek word
people liquid used for washing out
especially the clister or the drench
they call the drench that's kind of not
cool the drench oh go you know gonna get
drenched right um yeah look at Roman
Emerald number two Place Washed by the
waves oh it's kind of cool right surf
right but then look at number three
where does that surf go it goes of aitis
oh God who who's the kitis that's the
one that does the rump dance they called
it right you do the rump dance right
some people like the rump dance bro you
just there's rump dancers don't you know
right when you get that purple
Vision right you know that you've got to
come that way by the rump
dancing it's not what you think right
it's not what you think it's there for
the sake of the medical application
right it just happens to
be right in that particular piece of you
know that particular chamber of the
temple can we keep this holy give me the
next one people what do I want you
concentrate concentrate on these two
words right I I dropped the T right
because um that's not it is a word but
you know whatever um what
what is the what is the you know it's
just like it's not as strong as an it's
just it's like H right and what else
does it do it rots the embryo why
because we're going to give you the
clisma ladies this is your
technology right this is your technology
you developed it why because women must
have
abortions in any society in any time in
history women will have
abortions yes and
they
will
seek
medical help that's the way it is across
Generations now you can say what you
want about outlawing it but you're just
killing off a population you're raising
you're raising that your prif stance is
raising the death rate and why am I
talking about it because these texts
talk about about that these texts talk
about that don't you know we're looking
at lady Babylon oh God who do you think
has all the drug knowledge you little oh
God monest
perversions it's monest perversions
where does all the drug knowledge come
from where do you think it comes from
comes from her right stand up if you
have a uterus stand
up a toast to the people it's mine's tea
a toast with tea to the people with
uterus
right right we
venerate that power we venerate it comes
right out of that
uterus right it's communion baby what
are we gonna do with that
embryo what are we gonna do say it real
quietly in the chat for those of you who
have been here and have seen this
initiation from the beginning please
tell me what are we going to do with
this embryo that we are aborting with
these drugs that we are using in Ru in
rights what are we going to do jery did
anybody come up with it what happens to
the fetus no we're not going to plant it
we're not going to plant what a waste
what a waste are you kidding oh my God r
what would the great mother think if you
went out now I know there's a lot
of yes very good very good Alexander
let's eat it let's eat it Timmy come
here right now I know I know you want us
to plant it in the ground but look the
great mother won't let that happen you
know why great Mother's like what are
you idiots doing right what are you no
we're not going to snort it why would we
do that oh my God people are weird we're
going to eat it oh yes eat it e us oh
yes oh look what you've brought me to
you've brought me to the fetus eaters oh
God now seriously people why did they do
this why did they do
this because it's yummy that's a
possibility it could just be could just
be good you know some people like
something some people like fetus
right no it goes beyond I'm afraid I'm
afraid it goes beyond right now do you
see do you see somebody's getting hungry
right that's why they eat it why do you
eat anything what you think right
because you're
hungry and why do you have a
hunger why do you have a
hunger because of your community man
because of your communion
right because of your communion you want
to see it let's keep going let's keep
going everybody wipe your mouths from
the fetus and let's keep going isn't it
fun if somebody had told me you're gonna
make people put themselves mentally in
the place of eating a fetus someday I
would have said Glory
Hallelujah Glory Hallelujah this is
exactly what we need to be doing this is
what the texts do for us people let's
zero this in in the Bible for those of
you been waiting taping your fingers
like what's he going to say about Jesus
because I know you do and you're looking
for some sort of explanation by the way
to all the Christians out there who are
very specifically angered by the fact
that Jesus Christ was arrested in a
public park with a naked boy okay
yelling I'm not a child trafficker the
Christians that are really pissed off
about that one right the other monis
right the other two major groups of
bonis they can they can laugh at you for
that one right a little bit right but
you have to sit here and really really
really consider what the ramifications
are all right I'm going to bring to you
for your sake tonight congregation step
aside for your sake tonight I'm going to
bring you a passage of your Holy
Scripture and I'm going to explain it to
you for the first time you're going to
understand it it's going to click and
you're going to be like oh my God why
didn't I see this before now the
congregation has been doing this for a
while right so let's just go without
further Ado bring it up Jesus cough it
up come here come here oh yeah here you
are who is this this is true this is
true Jesus right oh God the queen of
notice Rose in
judgment
against the
men of her
generation and she judges them and what
happens she has come right let's just
listen because she came from the limits
of
Gaia to
hear
Sophia the Sophia of Solomon and yet
look what
happened there is one greater than
Solomon here right Sophia what is Jesus
talking about Jesus is actually talking
about Sophia are you kidding me and
Jesus is acknowledging the place of
sopia
within the godhood oh my God that
doesn't sound like Yahoo right Yahoo
hates women first of all anybody who
hasn't read um the old Old Testament
right the
septuagenarian access I don't know
something frustrates him it's his tiny
hands right they frustrate
Yahoo right and so he up doing a lot of
horrific stuff man it's just abusive
just abusive banging babies heads
against rocks getting people to write
laws that you can mess around with a
two-year-old and it's Hyman will grow
back right what terrible kinds of laws
are these coming from the townwood right
these Traditions that bring up this
monest
misogyny over and over and over again
reinforced
across centuries now I wanted to say I
got a letter from somebody who claimed
to be and to be honest I never know what
to think anymore um but I got a letter
from somebody who claimed to be um uh a
woman living within one of these monest
oppressive cultures and how awful the
situation is but she was standing
against it so um the best I can do is is
to sayl there's evidence out there that
where this dark storm comes there will
be
resistance right women will be free I
think that's a given I think that's a
given that it will happen because that
spirit's out there that spirit's out
there you can't get rid of that as soon
as you get that
Civilization pumped inside of you um you
can't get rid of it now to everybody out
there who in those situations I can tell
you the
solution the
solution doesn't come in any sort of
physical way right it comes up here it
comes up here and when that is free when
that bonic reality frees you and you see
the universe and you see yourself right
and you know you realize what you are
right um that free
right will always causing you a Hunger
for More so um follow that thirst follow
that thirst and please there's ways for
you to get down to those
original
women of the tradition that gave us the
Greek language those women who pioneered
I mean pure Geniuses you could do a
history of just genius genius women
women in Antiquity unfortunately it
would run a foul of all
the historians who want to step up and
say oh women didn't do anything in
Antiquity they were all
downtrodden right these I call them
generalists right because they always
make stupid General statements like that
right and it shows you they don't know
these texts they don't work with them
give me the next one jwy we need to get
going this date okay I need to step it
up and give you something a little bit
more sexy okay I'm gonna I'm going to do
so go ahead give me did we um yeah we
finished um yeah we finished that one
right remember oh and by the way who is
that lady oh my God who is that lady of
notice what is notice where you say oh
it's the southern wind it's the southern
wind right who is
he the
queen of notice is she who writes
his
hymns right and who is the author and
originator of the hymns to the wind who
is that oh surprise surprise it's the
same woman who christed for the first
time it's the same recorded genius woman
who knew so much
pharmacology she could do things that
were Beyond
mortal Beyond mortal right if you had
seen her and you had heard her you would
know exactly what I'm talking about
right isn't that gorgeous they called
her a Divinity while she lived right try
Jesus on the cross right what happened
with him right no they actually called
her from what she did a
Divinity right there was no scam here
there was there there there was no abuse
right she was a doctor she was a genius
doctor right oh
God absolutely gorgeous now for all of
you monest out there again realize this
is your
origin right the
christing Right comes before
Christianity it comes before Judaism
long before both of
them the Savior comes long before both
of them right and you say oh it's it's
not this word it's m no you know why you
say that because you are influenced by a
false
tradition That Grew onto history and
obscured the reality and caused the
branch to
bend and that's where we are and this
Antichrist is what can bring
the rectification of that original line
and that development can continue from
the point from which it was cut off do
you understand do you know why we're so
backwards yeah do you know why we've
digressed okay I can take any one of you
I can suddenly appear in your bedrooms
in your kitchens in your living rooms I
can appear in your shower and I can take
you in an
instant to a city on a
hill and you will say let me stay in
this place for all time and I will tell
you do you
realize this
place is in existence 2,000 years before
anything you've seen what happened to
you what happened to your generation he
it will tell you you rotted you
rotted it's time for the Watchers it's
time for the Watchers right I you can
see them getting up right you see them
getting up they know they know what's
going to happen by the way that word
Watcher is a Greek word
so right do you understand I'm restoring
to you your heritage I'm restoring to
you your history if you thought a minute
ago that you migrated out of Egypt when
that's not what happened you actually
came from CRE I don't know maybe you
have some relatives and cre you ought to
go look up real distant relatives you
know what I mean the reality is what is
gorgeous in that City on the hill that
was
Rome the libraries had all of your
history amazing what happened to those
libraries do you know what happened to
the city on the hill the Christians
burned it down they burned down the
libraries those were a special targets
for those of you who are sitting here
tonight who praise and love Jesus
Christ please understand historically
you praise a movement whose first
impulse was to burn down
education that was your first impulse
what do you think think they're going to
care about
Justice are you kidding me do you know
where you are and why you are so sad and
why the comedians can't seem to bring
you back why you just feel like you're
in a stup watching it
happen
yeah is there hope is there going to be
a renaissance or are we going backwards
are we going backwards oh God oh God
does he have the right to talk about
such a thing of course I do you know why
it's all in the text Baby right I just
bring you the text I don't care what I
think or what anybody else thinks I
bring you the text I've been loyal to
you for this whole time and I want to
thank you all of the people right now
are sitting there I want to thank
you thank you for your time right let me
give you some more let me give you some
more sugar you're going to like this
you're going to like this let's go to
Something Sweet right give me the next
one let's go to Something Sweet and
where are we going to go for that we're
going to resurrect pendor all you need
to know is that he is a guitar playing
freak right oh God and he is so good at
what he does right don't let us look for
you don't let us look for you right
right he is a bant he is a full-fledged
bant and he is going to rock he is going
to rock let's let's see what he says
let's see what he says here he is right
pendar tell us what are you going to
tell us about I'm gonna tell you about
media I'm GNA tell you it's your day
it's your day now right it's our day now
to stand with this dude who are we
standing with we're this is a Victory
song Right some dude has run won The
Chariot race dude don't that's a good
that's a good thing man what are we
going to do we're gonna go to the giant
ass party that he's throwing and we're
going to
sing and his
honor isn't that nice and so that's
where we are and his name is our celus
and I'm asking you Pender I'm Pender and
I'm asking you Muse please tell us about
you know bring us the song that tells us
about the pith python that tells us
about the Son and Daughter of Leto and
what we owe to them this is what we
owe
yeah yeah this is what we
yeah and where are we people we are
sitting with the golden eagles of Zeus
where sitting with the golden eagles of
Zeus do you know why because this is the
place of Apollo and you say wait a
sounds like it should be the place of
Zeus No you don't get it bro because
you're a monest all the culture is
rubbed off on your brain and you're a
monest you just don't get it right who
is she that sits
there right between those
Eagles who is she right you don't even
know you don't even know she's gone man
bring back the past says let's see give
me a little bit more I want to do a
little bit more of this
pendar oh yeah and you know what um in
this Temple the Priestess that we're
talking about and this is a time when
Apollo is not away right because for a
third time Apollo leaves every third
year Apollo leaves and who comes who
comes bakas comes are you ready for
bakus you have to invite bakas baby
right right here we go and what happens
oh God when a what does she do the
Priestess steps
up right and she gives an
oracle right she's talking about the
daughter of epaphus right liya at one
point and she says hey this guy botus
he's going to become a founder of a
city right and you know why because we
have why is she saying all of this
because they already have an old Oracle
from media and that's the
line right um and then it goes on in the
17th so this is the word of media are
you ready who is she she's the one who
sits in Thea and what is she say in the
17th right imagine this right on the I'm
sorry on the island of Thea
right before it blew
up yeah sits
media and she sitting there giving
oracles and one of her oracles is
specifically about a person who would be
born 17 Generations later and she said
take this person and send him down to
Libya yeah he's going to found
himself
cities he's going to bring this language
and this
right to Libya the daughter of
apos and where's he G to do it he's
gonna do it in Sy what is sirene it's a
city it's a city and what is that City
fueled by it's fueled by the Temple of
Ammon oh God
and do you know do you know who sirene
is um did you get a picture of
sirene um that's okay keep keep that up
there um sirene is you know there's a
little bit of dispute about where she's
from originally right um it turns out
long story short she may be thesan we
don't know right but it turns out
everybody says consistently across the
literature that she is the best lion
hunter Hunter and how does she um how
does she hunt lions she strangles
them right she strangles them now a lot
of these Hunters they'll talk about the
shaking the spear and everything but
some of them get down to strangling and
I know you've heard of a dude who
strangled a lion I know you did I know
you heard of a dude well this is the
dude at and it's her that we have to go
get when we're hunting
where where is she
where is she she's in
Libya serving the Oracle of
Ammon right do you understand okay
fantastic let's look at her then
remember I want to tell you one
principle that maybe um I said earlier
in this journey but I haven't reminded
you of it lately remember what bachio
said he wrote an entire work a long
Latin work it's good Latin though it's
beautiful um like neoclassical Latin
anyway um it's way better than that
medieval Church crap um anyway uh he
talks it's a history of women right
famous women he you know calls it and he
says in his famous women he says Hey
reader if you cut certain things out and
pce together the rest you'll see the
real story
The Narrative is about a
single
woman
through time in one priesthood and that
priesthood is oracular this is what that
genius media built it's what she built
and she did so get this you're gonna
love this she did so with her own body
with her own body right you mean I can
turn my body into a Divine instrument oh
I am
sorry if your pastor husband has not
revealed that to
you I'll have to have a talk I'll have
to have a talk but you see if you don't
want that instrument there's no reason
for you to do anything but you know I
don't know everything else is really
abuse isn't it isn't it if you have an
instrument that is capable that is
capable of grabbing that Divinity and
instead of promoting that you destroy it
you waste it you consume it you abuse it
that's all you do is you abuse it do you
see where you sit you didn't even
realize what kind of
deterioration is your soul it's just
sickening it's absolutely sickening but
that's why you're here in hell right
that's why you're here it's fantastic
right it's you people we love to purge
now give it to me what's the next one
let's see some beauty please Al and
let's see some beauty right this word of
media how does it describe media it says
she's Z oh my god do you know what that
means oh you're gonna love this are you
ready and it's got a it's got a Myan
intensifier on it media is z min
right she is
fierce she is fierce and it's not just a
fierceness like dude she needs to chill
out it's not a fierceness like that it's
an intellectual fierceness that's
unafraid to kill
you do you know what she does she kills
everybody she fumigates them she christs
them and she resurrects
them imagine that right you're going to
your party what are you going to do oh
um media's gonna kill us
all right and by the
way she makes the drugs and well yeah
you know I know of course she's
responsible no no you don't understand
she makes the
drugs right do you understand you're
going to have to get the drugs from
her all right you're going to have to
get the drugs from her we have a text
about Aphrodite did you know that the
traditions of
Aphrodite are
being compelled and drawn by the lady
whose Chariot is pulled by dragons did
you know that where do all the
aphrodisiacs come from right they have
one title for media in Antiquity think
of that think about this for a minute in
all of the ancient Greek language all
the dialects with the incredible
capacity for millions of unique word
forms
what what do we
get we get
a a unique word only describing one
woman and they call her
pacon they call her she who is the
Mistress of all
drugs do you understand that she isn't
just well educated she isn't just
learned she is the mistress she's the
queen it is her body that produces
communion you mean there is a human
history that involves
people creating vessels of other people
and bringing those people communion a
communion that kicks you across
death and brings you back you know what
we call her we call her savior dude we
call her Christ you know who the first
Christ was it was media because she
invented the thing right oh God oh God
late Bronze Age people right you think
about it you think about all your
advantages in the modern world you think
about them right think about your toilet
paper for a minute
right where would you be without it
thank you Rome thank you for the nice
toilets right thank you for the nice
toilets that's media indeed go back to
the text let's pick up where we left off
we're getting close to our climax here
um yeah and uh what does media do listen
how he describes it listen how he
describes it he he says she is that
Fierce daughter of ETS
and what does she do she breathes out
literally it says she breathes out from
her Divine
mouth right this reality this song that
comes into existence that is all around
you right it comes from her
mouth
right the Oracle will tell you the
future the orac orle will tell you just
like media designed the whole art to
do remember the oracles that the Pia
this is all they're doing they're
guiding they're very benevolently
guiding Society in its progression this
is the government that you didn't know
that you had right this is for Western
Asia and Europe and North
Africa okay this is the government you
didn't know you had you know what kind
of people we're talking about and using
these drugs we're also talking about
dations right we're talking about
dations
okay um this is
widespread right there's
civilization is growing and it has grown
because of this woman and all of the
oracles that followed her mystery
tradition all of them that's why she's
the granddaughter of the
son she is that
offspring of the god of the
guitar isn't that gorgeous remember when
we saw her before makes you crazy makes
you want to dance with the dead right
I've got students now who dance with the
dead I just want you to know next next
bring it up and what does media say
listen to me listen to me oh oh listen
up children right of Mortals and
gods right um any of you who have
serious courage isn't that nice isn't
that a nice way to start a speech I'd be
like oh yeah you got my attention right
what does she say she says I
say that the daughter of Athos and I say
it right from this
place right right from this place where
the shores
meet the the sea right from this place
in liia I'm telling you the daughter of
athus will be planted as a root in this
place where the temples of almond have
their
power people will tell you that this
oracular queen this first
Christ right that
she originated in
Libya that she originated Libya some
will tell you she's of Greek extraction
some will tell you she's Libyan some
will tell you
Egyptian Egyptian some will tell you no
she's native Native caul and right there
off the Black Sea she can look across
and see if she looks far enough she can
see those DS way over there
right Born right into this culture we
think the only problem is have we cut
out the right pieces and glued together
the rest to find her through time this
is what is so beautiful about this give
me give me the next one oh God look at
this look at this okay I know here get
get to it really quickly I'm going to
fly through these um stop what you're
thinking and think about the person
who's undergoing the initiation in this
case we're going to use this dude who
specifically aphrodite has approached I
thought I had the passage on the yuns
but I don't see it aphrodite has given
him the desire that he needs to draw him
to media and she has in turn shown him
the magic
whereby he would be able to
overcome her mind able to overcome her
mind now I just want to tell you this
passage it doesn't say any of that what
it says is little dude this little dude
who's ultimately going to become Jason
right this initiate who is he the one
who's being affected by Aphrodite you
know you know how it
works right don't you right um he's when
he's born he's swaddled in purple I just
wanted people are probably jumping at
that purple that was just in that
passage look at end of the first
line right how is he being swaddled as
an infant in the purple this is not just
a fashion this is not just saying oh
he's a
royalty right get that British nonsense
from the
1850s out of your head
right that cloth is absorbing that
purple it's a medicine that you're using
and what happens to him he gets given
over to the Centaur what is the Centaur
have you ever seen the have you ever
seen the size of that centaur's ID Doon
it's the size of a
horse it's why we call him what we call
him and that dude now if you don't know
that type by the way if you're like what
are you talking about right think of the
type of person this is a person who
educates boys and he is big and strong
and we call him horse fallace you know
what I mean horse phus horse phus is
going to
educate purple pants do you get it okay
fine it's not like it's you know obscure
or anything I don't know why it's not
like it's obscure dude twoyear olds that
was too much give me the next one give
me the next one um what is this dude
that you just saw standing here we call
him a fair and I just want you to know
that's an eolian form for the word
fair right the attic
Fair that's the
Beast right the fair is the EOL why is
that because oh it's because pendar
likes to include little eolian isms
right in his work look he's got pendar
right there is one of his sources right
gorgeous Iliad too right Homer Homer
likes those
eism right but we're talking about the
centaurs we're almost look we're almost
there what
happens you give your kid over to the
Centaur the Centaur raises and educates
them so that they have the understanding
of those drugs that will make them the
biggest and the strongest and the most
beloved we have the poisons too right it
is all thean horse culture
poison okay poisons heavy heavy heavy on
the poisons why do you think they say
siren right was one of them right
because of that tradition it's the drugs
right it's all the drugs you know they
even had special explanations for why
thaly was full of
witches right you you go to th you can't
go anywhere don't trust anything you eat
right they will put [ __ ] in your food
and the next thing you know you'll be
sitting there with a lion staring a lion
right in the face he doesn't care either
you know why he's drugged he's drugged
just like you are and you know what you
are now I don't know he their toy what
kind of toy are
you right oh God do you see what they do
they're always doing that too you see
him burning those candles that's
fumigation bro it's
fumigation right I thought it was they
take a little lamp and they put a little
little patch of incense this special
mixture and that stuff Burns and it you
inhale it dude you inhale that
stuff oh God
oh God give it to me we're right there
at the climax let's go let's go um more
pendar I just want you to see oh what
does this say oh yeah
okay um this is the passage I was afraid
that I left out but it's telling you um
I'm going to start reading from the top
after the period right at 380 POA
starting at pnea right this great Queen
of the sharpest arrows who is the queen
of the sharpest arrows
who is that Queen did you have a picture
of that Queen did you bring
her here um the queen of the sharpest
arrows is what she is bringing the
yuns to this kid who had the purple
pants right who's been
raised by a
centaur with a Monumental Drive for
Aphrodite this dude is on cyon all the
time he walks around like it excuse me
Professor right enough
fagra right um this is her what does she
do she brings the junks and what is the
yunks it is the tool whereby Jason will
reach
out to the queen
herself and will draw her He will draw
her isn't that romantic it's gorgeously
romantic isn't it and he's got to do
everything right he's got to do
everything and who's going to show him
who do you think is g to show him who do
you think you showed Achilles when he
was being raised in an all girl school
who do you think showed him right it was
de deia which everybody says is who
media do you see what happens when you
put things together you find find a
single image of a single woman behind
the
mystery next one I mean same one same
one she brings the yuns oh God this is
kipra ganaa right what's she gonna what
is she really
doing she's bringing this Min Orin or
she's bringing this bird that is
mintic that is in Mania and she's
bringing it first here to Jason and she
is teaching him you're going to be
surprised this is this is um this is
Aphrodite right because you know we
talked the wiccan movement before that
we talked about yeah I know you know
some of you like Wiccan right all that
kind of stuff I'm sorry but it's got
some major flaws that are just you know
they're like it's like you're drinking
sewage people you got that stuff is not
pure you got to have that stuff you know
traded your well is is your your Wick
and well is full of pollution but before
you get upset realize that there's a
classical well that
witches just you know guard and love and
and relish and you're getting some of
that well now and that well is coming
from Aphrodite and what does it say it
says she
teaches are you ready she teaches yason
she teaches him
the epodes what are those those are
magic songs that are used in wrs and
what else leas she actually teaches him
the Liturgy of this stuff she teaches
him how to do these
rights he's already been programmed by
the Centaur he's already been educated
he's had his pidea and now he's ready to
get what he needs to go out there and
what is he going to do it says right
here he he learns all of this stuff in
order to what in
order to
capture and hold media's respect for her
parents isn't that a cool way to put it
like I don't give a I don't care about
my parents anymore it's all this dude
it's all this dude isn't that magic
That's crazy dude don't talk like that
that's crazy she's a
princess right she will be a queen as a
matter of they're already calling her
Queen but technically
right now she's a princess at this point
right this oracular point and what is
what what happens he does this all to
capture her right and to make her want
to be drawn it says to the
Greeks to be drawn to the Greeks and it
says he burns her with these whips these
whips of
passion oh God do you understand it is
Aeros that run runs the universe it's
Aeros that runs the
mystery right so what does she do what
does she do because you can't help it
right when that
yunks when that bird that conveys that
voice reaches out to you there's nothing
you can
do what is media do she
christs she christs do you know what
what she does to him she christs him
here it says In this passage this is
probably the most important passage I
have ever ever given to you right so I
want you to think of everything we've
been through all the stuff about the
chalk all the stuff about putting the
oil on first so it can be a vehicle for
the drugs and then adding the drugs in
the face with the burning purple in the
eyes all of that Christ thing I'm about
to show you the prime example of it that
was around a thousand years before Jesus
and what does it
say she showed Jason how to overcome
everything that her father had set in
the way and how did she do this are you
ready here it is here's the school of
media This is How To Succeed jent are
you ready okay with the oil that she
puts on him
she medicates him with a drug that is an
antidote to
pain she gives it to him to be christed
do you see the third line down second
word to be christed none of the
Christians will see this none of them
they never see this they don't know
about it they don't know that there's
christing out there they don't know do
you know what christing is it's what she
does to him the
yoson do you know who Jesus Christ is he
is the
yason he is the
Christ now you know why they call him
what they call him do you understand
this is the mystery and this is why
Jesus says look the queen of the South
is
there the Sophia is wiser than
Solomon do you realize what an what an
insult that was to the people there who
believed the Traditions that came a
hundred years before that out of this
text that was originally in Greek that
was an offense it was a direct slap in
the face to Yahoo it was Jesus Christ
reaching out to that oracular morning
star and that's why he's wearing a bra
in the
apocalypse let's finish off with this
let's finish off I just want to show you
um um this verb is what media's
described as doing right
medicating you notice that it's also
defined is being
Bewitched right as well as poisoned
right as well as
poisoned I want you just to look at
number Roman numeral number two and I
want you to notice that it is an
arrow that we are talking
about all of this magic all of this drug
work goes
back to the
tension of the universe heraclitus
acknowledged this remember heraclitus is
the one who's talking about the
Civil Right he says that
tension of the bow and the
liar is what creates
Cosmos right Cosmos that's how we get
uranos if you want to open up uranos you
have to understand the tension of the
bow the tension
of the
liar people
said Des despite the fact that her drugs
were so overwhelmingly powerful on the
human mind despite that it was her
song that did everything it was her song
that had the real power realize these
people and what they're doing they are
affecting it through a language and the
music of that
language the Tower of
Babel is
real yeah love it give me the next one
and it was simaris you know she was the
one cut and paste cut and paste and
you'll see her running through time
isn't that nice there's your verb for
christing for all the Christians out
there who didn't know that Christ thing
was was common in Antiquity here you go
Jesus wasn't special sorry this last
line I want to give you please people
watch this it starts at
po how does she work and who is she
she's that
one who will keep you from the
fire why
remember your baptism of
fire it's meant to purge and what will
keep you in the
process it's her this stranger who is
pal
faru right that's the only time this
title is ever used of
anybody who is this woman who is Lady
Babylon she is Queen all
drug welcome to the
apocalypse hail
Satan C You by
surprise mystery goddess magic Le dress
on
Amazonia from vria with love Venus
illumination hail Satan perfume
intoxication The Cauldron boiling up
Turn The Butter hot purple stick Bud
blackwat mystery I dream a genie living
in the Palace of the king medua call me
sing The Muse more magic than aladine my
syllables are Greek original sorcer Hood
bang and run the streets gangs to Jesus
and the disciples caught in the night
imposters of the mystery child
interferers that sell blood and garbage
designer drugs will be crucified flesh
eer dust to dust the bones are
pulverized mystery got magic Lea
dress mystery godess magic leather dress
[Music]